PREVIOUSLY ON...
THAT MANIAC WAS SERVING
A LIFE SENTENCE.
(Paul) HELLO, LADIES.
PAUL YOUNG CAME BACK.
DOUG IS LEAVING ME.
LYNETTE'S FRIEND HAD
NOWHERE TO GO.
I'VE SPENT EIGHT YEARS
LOVING SOMEONE ELSE'S DAUGHTER.
A BABY WAS SWITCHED LONG AGO,
AND CARLOS MADE A DECISION.
WE'RE NOT TELLING GABY.
SUSAN GOT A JOB OFFER.
WOMEN DOING HOUSEWORK
IN LINGERIE.
WHILE BREE'S CONTRACTOR...
WITH YOUR RED HAIR, YOU WILL
LOOK SO HOT IN THIS ROOM.
BROUGHT POSSIBILITIES TO LIGHT.
(grunts) ALL SET.
NOW THAT YOU'RE
A BIKER CHICK,
THERE'S ONE OTHER THING
YOU GOTTA KNOW HOW TO DO.
THANKS, MISTER.
(bicycle bell rings)
(Mary Alice)
IT HAD BEEN A LONG TIME
SINCE BREE VAN DE KAMP
WAS A LITTLE GIRL,
BUT SHE COULD STILL REMEMBER
EVERYTHING SHE'D EVER BEEN TOLD
ABOUT SEX.
HER GRANDMOTHER INFORMED HER
IT WAS A WOMAN'S BURDEN.
HER MINISTER WARNED HER
IT WAS A SIN.
HER TEACHER TAUGHT HER
IT WAS UNHEALTHY.
YES, EVERYONE HAD TOLD BREE
HER SEXUAL URGES
WERE DANGEROUS.
BUT NO ONE HAD EVER TOLD HER...
HOW TO GET RID OF THEM.
HEY. THERE YOU ARE.
I'M OFF TO THE BANK.
BEFORE YOU GO,
I WANNA SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
COME HERE. WHOLE NEW IDEA.
I WANNA PANEL THE STUDY
IN THIS.
OH. WELL, THAT'S, UH,
UNUSUAL.
HISTORICAL BIRCH
FROM A WYOMING SNOW FENCE.
OVER 200 YEARS OLD.
FEEL IT.
NO. REALLY.
YOU KNOW WHAT
THEY CALL THIS?
WITNESS WOOD, 'CAUSE IT'S SEEN
SO MUCH HISTORY,
UNLIKE ME,
WHO SLEPT THROUGH HISTORY
AND HAD TO GO
TO SUMMER SCHOOL.
(laughs)
I HAVE TO GO. IT'S LATE.
YES, WHEN BREE WAS
A LITTLE GIRL,
SHE'D BEEN TAUGHT
HER SEXUAL URGES
WERE DANGEROUS.
UNFORTUNATELY,
SHE WAS ABOUT TO LEARN...
(gasps)
(thud, bicycle bell rings)
THOSE URGES WERE DANGEROUS...
(gasps)
FOR EVERYONE.
(whispers) JUANITA.
OH, HEY. OH.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
THE DOCTORS AND NURSES
AT FAIRVIEW HOSPITAL
ARE EXPERTS AT HEALING.
THEY CAN SET BONES...
BANDAGE WOUNDS...
AND TREAT DISEASES.
SADLY, ONE THING
THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO HEAL
IS A GUILTY CONSCIENCE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
SHE JUST CAME OUT OF NOWHERE.
OH, HONEY, THIS COULD'VE BEEN
ANY OF US.
KIDS ON THAT STREET ARE ALWAYS
PLAYING WHERE THEY SHOULDN'T BE.
STILL, I WOULD JUST FEEL BETTER
IF THEY WOULD COME OUT
AND TELL US SOMETHING.
JUANITA WAS TALKING WHEN
THEY PUT HER IN THE AMBULANCE,
SO I'M SURE EVERYTHING'S
GONNA BE FINE.
AND I JUST SPOKE
TO ONE OF THE NURSES.
SHE SEEMED PRETTY POSITIVE.
(Paul) WELL, THAT'S A RELIEF.
PAUL?
W-WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I HEARD ABOUT THE ACCIDENT,
SO I-I RUSHED RIGHT OVER.
THAT'S WHAT NEIGHBORS DO,
RIGHT?
WELL,
THAT'S VERY THOUGHTFUL.
WE'LL TELL GABY YOU STOPPED BY.
YEAH, DON'T FEEL LIKE
YOU HAVE TO HANG AROUND.
THERE'S NOTHING WE CAN DO.
WE CAN PRAY.
DEAR LORD, WE ASK THAT
YOU BE WITH THIS YOUNG CHILD
AND WITH THE DOCTORS
CARING FOR HER...
(mouths words)
AND THAT SHE MAY BE RETURNED
IN FULL HEALTH
TO HER LOVING FAMILY.
AMEN.
(all) AMEN.
WELL, I HAVE TO GET HOME.
I'M EXPECTING SOMEONE.
PLEASE EXTEND MY GOOD WISHES
TO GABY.
DEAR LORD, PLEASE DON'T LET
THAT CREEP EVER TOUCH ME AGAIN.
AMEN.
(gasps) OH, GABY,
THANK GOD.
HOW IS JUANITA?
(sighs) SHE'S GONNA BE FINE.
THEY'RE KEEPING HER
A COUPLE DAYS FOR OBSERVATION.
OH.
SO I TOLD CARLOS
HE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE TO FLY BACK
FROM HIS BUSINESS TRIP.
THAT'S GREAT NEWS.
YEAH, IT IS. (chuckles)
UH, BREE, ANDREW, CAN I TALK
TO YOU FOR A SECOND?
MM.
THANKS FOR COMING.
I FEEL SO BLESSED
TO HAVE SUCH WONDERFUL...
WHAT THE HELL
IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?!
FIRST YOU TAKE OUT
MY MOTHER-IN-LAW,
THEN YOU GO AFTER
MY DAUGHTER.
ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL OFF EVERY
JUANITA SOLIS ON THE PLANET?!
I ADMIT IT WAS
A TERRIBLE COINCIDENCE.
YOU'RE GETTIN' SLOPPY, YOU KNOW.
THIS ONE WAS IN BROAD DAYLIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
SHE JUST CAME OUT OF NOWHERE.
HAVE YOU SEEN MY DAUGHTER?
SHE NEVER COMES OUT OF NOWHERE.
UH, ON A RELATED NOTE, I JUST
WANNA SAY HOW MUCH I APPRECIATE
YOU NOT TELLING CARLOS
ABOUT ME RUNNING OVER HIS MOM.
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU THAT ONE
'CAUSE I WASN'T FOND OF HER.
BUT AS FOR THE REST
OF MY FAMILY, LEARN TO SWERVE!
(sighs)
WHY DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING?
I DON'T KNOW. I MEAN,
MAYBE GOD'S PUNISHING US.
OR GOD IS PUNISHING
THE SOLISES,
AND WE'RE JUST DOING
GOD'S WORK.
(sighs) I FEEL AWFUL.
I SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN
FIDDLING WITH THAT RADIO.
RADIO? MOM, I SAW YOU
FROM ACROSS THE STREET.
YOU WERE CHECKING OUT
KEITH'S ASS.
(scoffs) THAT'S PREPOSTEROUS.
YOU WERE LOOKING
AT THAT CONTRACTOR'S BUTT
LIKE YOU WERE WAITING
FOR A SIDE OF STEAK SAUCE.
WATCH YOUR MOUTH. THIS ISN'T ONE
OF YOUR HOMOSEXUAL DANCE CLUBS.
I'M TELLING YOU,
IT WAS THE RADIO.
OKAY. FINE. BUT WHILE WE'RE
TALKING ABOUT THE RADIO,
UH, YOU DO KNOW THAT
THAT PARTICULAR MODEL IS, LIKE,
15 YEARS TOO YOUNG FOR YOU,
RIGHT?
(vacuum whirring)
(doorbell rings)
WHO IS IT?
MAXINE.
OH!
(turns off vacuum)
OH, UH, HANG ON A SECOND.
AH, I WAS JUST WRAPPING UP
MY FIRST SESSION.
I KNOW. I WAS WATCHING.
AND?
WHAT'D YOU THINK?
IT WAS LIKE WATCHING A DREAM.
AND YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE I WAS ASLEEP.
(sighs) SIT DOWN, HONEY.
IT'S TIME I GAVE YOU
A FEW POINTERS.
(click)
NOW... YOU SEE WHAT
I'M DOING HERE?
(inhales deeply)
OHH.
AND LET'S NOT FORGET
THE DUSTER.
OKAY. OKAY, I-I GET IT.
(gasps)
AND WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
SMUDGES.
UH, WE EAT OFF THAT TABLE.
AM I MAKING MY POINT?
WE ARE SELLING
A FANTASY HERE.
YOU GOTTA, YOU KNOW,
LOOSEN UP.
I WANT TO. I JUST...
(sighs) I CAN'T STOP THINKING
ABOUT ALL THOSE MEN OUT THERE
WATCHING ME.
YES, THEY'RE WATCHING YOU.
THEY ARE SPENDING
THEIR HARD-EARNED DOLLARS
TO SEE THE PERFECT WOMAN.
(sighs)
YOU, MY DARLING,
HAVE ALL THE POWER HERE.
NOW...
IS THAT A CRUMB I SEE
ON THAT RUG?
(sighs)
(click, vacuum whirring)
MM. OH.
OH.
THAT'S IT.
AH! (laughs)
(laughs) THAT'S MY GIRL.
OOH! (laughs)
DOUG, IF YOUR LAWYERS DON'T
SWEETEN THE SETTLEMENT OFFER,
I WILL SUE YOU
FOR HALF OF EVERYTHING,
AND THAT INCLUDES
YOUR GIRLFRIEND'S NEW IMPLANTS.
YOU PAID FOR 'EM
OUT OF OUR JOINT ACCOUNT,
SO TECHNICALLY,
ONE OF THOSE PUPPIES IS MINE.
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE THROW IT IN THE POOL
AND USE IT AS A FLOATIE.
(beep)
UH, RENEE.
OH, SHE'S GONNA BE DATING
SOON ENOUGH.
IT'S TIME SHE LEARNED
WHAT MEN ARE ALL ABOUT.
NOW, SWEETIE,
WHAT DID AUNTIE RENEE
TEACH YOU ABOUT MARRIAGE?
NEVER SIGN A PRENUP.
OH! JEEZ!
(door closes)
(Lynette) HEY!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
HOME FROM WORK?
I'M NOT FEELING WELL.
AGAIN?
YEAH.
THAT'S THE THIRD TIME THIS WEEK.
YOU NEED TO GO TO THE DOCTOR.
NO, I'M FINE.
I'M JUST GONNA LIE ON THE COUCH
AND WATCH SOME TV.
OKAY.
OH!
BEFORE YOU FIRE UP
THE GOLF CHANNEL,
YOU THINK MAYBE
YOU COULD MAKE A QUICK RUN
TO THE GROCERY STORE?
I'M TIRED. CAN'T YOU DO IT?
I'M A LITTLE BUSY RIGHT NOW.
I'VE GOT FIVE KIDS
AND A USELESS HOUSEGUEST.
HI THERE.
(groans)
I NEED YOU FUNCTIONAL.
EITHER GO TO THE DOCTOR
AND GET SOME HELP
OR QUIT COMPLAINING
AND GIVE ME SOME HELP.
FINE. I'LL GO TOMORROW.
MAN, THE SYMPATHY IN HERE
IS JUST OVERWHELMING.
(scoffs)
WHAT?
NOTHING.
IT'S NONE OF MY BUSINESS.
(mouths word)
BUT...
YOU MAY WANNA BE CAREFUL.
YOU TWO ARE STARTING TO SOUND
A LOT LIKE ME AND DOUG.
I APPRECIATE THE CONCERN,
BUT TOM AND I ALWAYS DO THAT.
DOUG AND I ALWAYS
DID THAT, TOO.
LOOK AT US NOW.
I'M TELLING YOU, WE'RE FINE.
(mouths words)
IF YOU SAY SO.
(whispers) GOOD.
THE DOCTORS SAY
SHE'S GONNA BE FINE.
THEY'RE ONLY KEEPING HER
IN THE HOSPITAL AS A PRECAUTION.
SHE'LL BE HOME
IN A FEW DAYS.
OH, THANK GOD.
WELL, LOOK WHO'S HERE.
CAN WE PLEASE NOT HAVE
ANOTHER UGLY SCENE?
I ONLY CAME
TO CHECK ON JUANITA.
SHE'S FINE.
FANTASTIC.
SO I SEE YOU LET
OUR TOMATO PLANTS WHITHER...
JUST LIKE YOU DID
OUR RELATIONSHIP.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN
YOU GROW NEEDY, WHINY TOMATOES.
BOYS, BOYS, IT'S BEEN A MONTH.
CAN'T YOU JUST KISS EACH OTHER'S
BOTTOMS AND MAKE UP?
ISN'T THAT WHAT THEY DO?
(footsteps approaching)
WHO IS THAT?
SHE LOOKS LOST.
SHOULD WE HELP HER?
AAH! SON OF A BITCH!
WE SHOULD HELP HER.
SON OF A...
OH! OH!
(panting)
MISS, IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
NO. (sighs)
I AM SO LOST.
I GAVE THE CAB DRIVER
THE ADDRESS,
BUT I ONLY HAD A $20,
AND IT TURNS OUT
THAT ONLY GETS YOU AS FAR
AS HIBISCUS CIRCLE,
SO HE DUMPED ME,
AND I HAD TO WALK
IN THESE SHOES, WHICH BROKE,
AND THAT IS THE LAST TIME
I AM BUYING FOOTWEAR
OVER THE INTERNET.
UH, WERE YOU LOOKING
FOR WISTERIA LANE?
YEAH, THAT SOUNDS RIGHT.
IS MY FISH MOVING?
IF HE GOES BELLY-UP, THIS IS
GOING TO BE THE WORST DAY EVER.
WHO IS IT
YOU'RE HERE TO SEE?
UH, PAUL YOUNG.
REALLY?
A-ARE YOU A FRIEND OF HIS?
W-WELL...
BETH!
OH! I THOUGHT YOU WERE GONNA
BE HERE HOURS AGO.
WELL... I SEE YOU'VE ALL MET
MY WIFE.
(gasps)
(clears throat)
SORRY, IT GOT...
REALLY HOT IN HERE,
AND I THOUGHT YOU'D BE GONE
FOR A WHILE.
SO HOW IS JUANITA?
IS SHE OKAY?
UM, SHE'S DOING MUCH BETTER.
THANK YOU FOR ASKING.
THANK GOD.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
UM, ME? I'M OKAY.
HOW'S THE WORK COMING?
PRETTY GOOD.
JUST GETTING READY
TO PUT, UH... (chuckles)
SHOOT. IT'S ON BACKWARDS.
(clears throat)
BREE?
YOU SURE YOU'RE OKAY?
I'M FINE. FINE.
IT'S JUST BEEN A VERY...
STRESSFUL DAY.
I THINK
I KNOW WHAT YOU NEED.
IT'S OKAY.
HITTING THAT LITTLE GIRL
WAS AN ACCIDENT.
IT COULD'VE HAPPENED TO ANYONE.
I HAVE TO LET YOU GO!
HUH?
AFTER YOU LET ME GO.
EVERYONE SHOULD JUST LET GO!
ARE YOU FIRING ME?
WHY?
YOU'RE TOO MESSY.
YOUR TOOLS--
THEY'RE SCATTERED EVERYWHERE.
WELL, THIS IS
A CONSTRUCTION SITE.
AND YOU'RE GETTING PAINT
ALL OVER THE PLACE.
AND THAT COLOGNE OF YOURS--
IT'S OVERPOWERING.
I DON'T WEAR COLOGNE.
THAT'S JUST YOU?
OH, DEAR.
ANYWAY, OBVIOUSLY...
(bottles clink and rattle)
I WILL PAY YOU
FOR THE TIME YOU'VE PUT IN,
BUT I THINK YOU SHOULD GO.
YOU CAN... SEND ME A CHECK.
(door opens and closes)
BYE, GUYS. (chuckles)
HAVE A GREAT DAY.
MWAH.
HEY, AREN'T YOU GOING
TO WORK?
OH, MY FIRST CLASS
ISN'T TILL 11:00.
I THOUGHT I'D SPEND THE MORNING
MAKING MORE JEWELRY.
WOW, YOU REALLY ARE DETERMINED
TO BRING IN SOME EXTRA MONEY.
(chuckles) YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
(sighs)
(beep)
AND YOU DON'T LET ME
PUT MY FEET ON THAT TABLE.
MIKE! UH, WHAT ARE YOU--WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HOME SO QUICK?
I FORGOT MY THERMOS.
WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?
UH...
UH, I WAS, UH, JUST--
JUST DOING HOUSEWORK...
(chuckles) O-OBVIOUSLY,
AND, UH, THE AIR CONDITIONING
ISN'T WORKING,
SO IT GOT REALLY HOT
IN HERE.
I'LL SAY.
MIND IF I JOIN YOU?
NO! NO! UH...
OH!
UH... (laughs)
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHY DON'T WE TAKE THIS
IN THE BEDROOM?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH RIGHT HERE?
(grunts) I AM ONE LUCKY GUY...
(grunts)
TO COME HOME
TO A HOT FANTASY LIKE THIS.
YEP. (grunts)
AND I AM ONE LUCKY GIRL
TO HAVE A...
HAVE A HUSBAND LIKE...
(grunts)
YOU. OHH.
(pants) OHH.
ANY LUCK FINDING
AN APARTMENT?
NOT WITH MY SETTLEMENT.
WITH NEW YORK PRICES,
I'LL BE FORCED TO LIVE
IN A PLACE SMALLER THAN THIS.
OH, MY GOD. HOW WILL YOU KEEP
FROM BUMPING INTO YOURSELF?
YOU KNOW WHAT I WAS THINKING?
WHY DON'T I JUST
FIND A PLACE HERE IN FAIRVIEW?
(dishes clatter)
FAIRVIEW?
UH... NO.
(laughs) NO, NO!
YOU'RE A NEW YORKER.
YOU LOVE THE THEATER, MUSEUMS.
YOU SAID YOURSELF,
YOU CAN'T EVEN GET A DECENT
CUP OF COFFEE AROUND HERE.
UH, NO, I MEANT HERE,
LYNETTE.
REALLY, HOW HARD IS IT
TO CLEAN THE POT?
HEY!
HOW'D IT GO WITH THE DOCTOR?
YEAH, CAN, UH, WE, UM...
TALK ABOUT THAT?
SO WHAT DID THE DOCTOR SAY?
YOU'RE GONNA WANNA SIT DOWN.
TOM, YOU ARE SCARING ME.
WHAT IS IT?
(exhales deeply)
I HAVE
POSTPARTUM DEPRESSION.
COME AGAIN?
I KNOW IT SOUNDS WEIRD,
B-BUT IT'S--IT'S--
IT'S A RECOGNIZED PROBLEM
FOR FATHERS MY AGE.
I'VE GOT
ALL THE CLASSIC SYMPTOMS--
HEADACHES, MOOD SWINGS,
FATIGUE.
WOW.
TELL ME, DID HE CHECK YOU
FOR A YEAST INFECTION
WHILE HE WAS DOWN THERE,
TOO?
WHY DON'T YOU LEARN THE FACTS
BEFORE YOU MAKE FUN OF IT?
"MEN AND POSTPARTUM:
THE BITTER SEED."
YEAH, I'M... NOT BUYING IT.
SHOW ME ONE STRETCH MARK,
ONE CHAPPED NIPPLE,
AND WE'LL TALK ABOUT
YOUR POSTPARTUM.
IT'S A LEGITIMATE
MEDICAL CONDITION.
AND YOU'RE THE ONE WHO TOLD ME
TO GO TO THE DOCTOR.
SO YOU COULD BE OF SOME USE
AROUND HERE,
NOT SO YOU COULD, UH...
OH, "TAKE LONG BATHS
OR GET IN SOME EXTRA NAPS"?
DO ME A FAVOR.
READ THE WHOLE PAMPHLET.
(baby crying)
GOSH, I WISH I COULD, TOM.
UNFORTUNATELY, I HAVE TO GO
TAKE CARE OF MY OTHER BABY.
(crying continues)
(clock chiming)
I LOVE THE HOUSE.
OH. WELL,
I DID THE BEST I COULD.
I THINK IT NEEDS
A WOMAN'S TOUCH.
OH.
I-I DON'T HAVE MUCH EXPERIENCE
WITH DECORATING.
IF I SO MUCH AS MOVED A CHAIR,
MAMA WOULD THROW A FIT.
MM, THEN YOU MUST BE HAPPY
TO FINALLY HAVE YOUR OWN HOME.
I GUESS.
(utensil clatters)
LOOK AT THIS--
NO PLEXIGLAS.
I NEVER DREAMED
THE DAY WOULD COME
WHEN I COULD REACH OUT
AND TOUCH YOU.
I DIDN'T EITHER.
THERE IS ONE THING
I'LL MISS ABOUT PRISON--
YOUR LETTERS.
SOME DAYS, THEY WERE THE ONLY
THINGS KEEPING ME GOING.
I'M GLAD YOU LIKED THEM.
UH, THANK YOU AGAIN
FOR GOING TO SO MUCH TROUBLE.
DINNER IS WONDERFUL.
I WANTED TONIGHT
TO BE SPECIAL.
SINCE THE PRISON DIDN'T
ALLOW CONJUGAL VISITS,
THIS IS... KIND OF
OUR WEDDING NIGHT.
ABOUT THAT..
I CAN'T WAIT
TO START COOKING FOR YOU
AND MAKING THINGS NICE
AROUND HERE,
BUT THERE ARE
CERTAIN OTHER...
WIFELY DUTIES THAT
I DON'T WANT TO RUSH INTO.
OH?
WE'RE STILL
GETTING TO KNOW EACH OTHER.
MAMA SAID YOU'D UNDERSTAND.
OH, I SUPPOSE I DO.
YOU'RE NOT UPSET?
OF COURSE NOT.
THERE'S MORE TO MARRIAGE
THAN SEX.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
OH, MRS. SOLIS,
CAN I TALK TO YOU?
IF THIS IS ABOUT JUANITA
AND THE DESSERT CART,
I TOLD YOU NOT TO LEAVE IT
UNATTENDED.
NO, I WAS REVIEWING
HER CHART,
AND I REALIZED WE STILL HAD
A COUPLE OF QUESTIONS.
IS SHE ALLERGIC
TO ANY MEDICATIONS?
UH, NOT THAT I'M AWARE OF.
OKAY. ALL HER VACCINATIONS
UP-TO-DATE?
YES.
AND HOW OLD WAS SHE
WHEN YOU ADOPTED HER?
(laughs)
I KNOW IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE
THAT THE LITTLE ACORN
GAVE BIRTH TO THE MIGHTY OAK,
BUT BELIEVE ME, I DID.
OKAY.
MAYBE I'M CONFUSED,
BUT THE OTHER DAY
WHEN WE TALKED ABOUT
POSSIBLE BLOOD TRANSFUSIONS,
YOU TOLD ME YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND
WERE TYPE-O.
YEAH, WE ARE.
SO?
W-WELL, YOUR DAUGHTER IS TYPE-A.
TWO O's CAN'T HAVE AN "A."
OH.
NEVER MIND.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA. WHAT...
(scoffs) WHAT WAS THAT?
WHAT WAS THAT
"OH. NEVER MIND"?
IT'S NONE OF MY BUSINESS.
NO, NO, TELL ME.
WHAT ARE YOU IMPLYING?
NOTHING.
I'M SIMPLY STATING THAT
THE ODDS OF MR. SOLIS BEING
THE BIOLOGICAL FATHER
OF A TYPE-A BABY
ARE ROUGHLY...
(clicks tongue) NIL.
ARE YOU SUGGESTING
I CHEATED ON HIM?
I'M SIMPLY STATING THAT
THE ODDS OF MR. SOLIS BEING
THE BIOLOGICAL FATHER ARE--
LISTEN, NURSIE.
I KNOW YOU SPEND YOUR DAYS
EMPTYING BEDPANS
AND SHAVING THE GROINS
OF SENIOR CITIZENS,
BUT THERE'S NO DRAMA HERE.
I'VE BEEN FAITHFUL
TO MY HUSBAND.
I HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE.
GIVE ME THAT.
AH.
GOOD MORNING.
(yawns) GOOD MORNING.
DID YOU HAVE TROUBLE
SLEEPING?
AH, I WAS UP KINDA LATE.
BOY, THAT TOM SURE CAN TALK.
YOU WERE UP WITH TOM?
HUH? OH. YEAH. I GUESS
HE HAD A LOT ON HIS MIND.
NO SURPRISE AFTER THE WAY THINGS
WENT BETWEEN YOU TWO YESTERDAY.
HE WAS COMPLAINING
ABOUT THAT?
OH, I DON'T WANT
TO GET IN THE MIDDLE.
HONEY, YOU HAD A PAJAMA PARTY
WITH MY HUSBAND
AT 3:00 IN THE MORNING.
YOU'RE IN THE MIDDLE.
WELL... (sighs)
TOM FEELS
THAT YOU DON'T LISTEN TO HIM.
OY.
G--SURE I DO.
I HEARD THAT WHOLE SPIEL
ABOUT MALE POSTPARTUM,
OTHERWISE KNOWN BY
ITS INITIALS--B.S.
SEE, THAT'S JUST THE THING.
HE THINKS YOU HEAR,
BUT YOU DON'T LISTEN.
OKAY.
OKAY, YOU STOP.
I DON'T NEED YOU
TROUBLESHOOTING MY MARRIAGE.
AND I DON'T WANT YOU
HAVING ANY MORE
OF THESE LITTLE CONVERSATIONS
WITH MY HUSBAND.
OKAY. FINE.
(mouths words)
AND I MEAN IT.
(sighs)
(exhales deeply)
THERE YOU ARE!
I CALLED YOU AN HOUR AGO!
I WAS AT SCHOOL.
HI, SWEETIE! THE KIDS
IN YOUR CLASS MADE YOU A POSTER.
LOOK WHAT BRITTANY SAID.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
SHE LOVES IT. COME ON!
COME ON!
OOH! OOH!
OH! WHAT IS GOING ON?!
OKAY.
DO YOU REMEMBER
EIGHT YEARS AGO
WHEN WE WENT
ON THAT SKI WEEKEND?
UH... (scoffs) VAGUELY.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
IT CAN'T BE "VAGUELY."
I NEED YOU TO FOCUS.
OH! OH! OKAY.
OKAY.
REMEMBER HOW YOU AND I HAD
DINNER WITH THAT FRENCH GUY?
THE ONE YOU REFERRED TO
AS LE PACKAGE?
EXACTLY.
OKAY. TELL ME EVERYTHING
YOU REMEMBER.
OOH! I REMEMBER I HAD THE FONDUE
AND I LOST MY STRAWBERRY,
AND THE WAITER ALMOST
CAUGHT ME WHEN I PUT MY--
I'M TALKING ABOUT
ME AND THE PACKAGE!
WHY ARE YOU YELLING AT ME?
'CAUSE I'M MAD!
YOU WENT OFF TO BED
AND LEFT ME AND FRENCHIE
DRINKING AT THE HOTEL BAR,
AND FRIENDS DON'T LET
FRIENDS FLIRT DRUNK!
NOW FOR THE LOVE OF GOD,
DO YOU AT LEAST REMEMBER
WHEN I CAME BACK TO THE ROOM?
(sighs)
I REMEMBER
THE SUN WAS COMING UP.
OH, GOD.
GABY, YOU'RE NOT SAYING...
YEAH.
(voice breaks) I THINK
JUANITA MIGHT BE FRENCH.
(gasps)
WHEN CARLOS RETURNED
FROM HIS BUSINESS TRIP.
HE STOPPED AT THE HOSPITAL
TO VISIT HIS DAUGHTER,
WHO HAD BEEN SLEEPING
PEACEFULLY.
THEN HE CAME HOME
TO SEE HIS WIFE,
WHO HAD BEEN PLOTTING
FRANTICALLY.
(sighs)
(groans)
(grunts)
(groaning)
OH, YOU'RE AWAKE. (groans)
MM.
(sighs)
MMM. YOU'RE REALLY AWAKE.
MMM.
(gasps)
WHAT...
CARLOS, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
ME? I JUST GOT INTO BED!
YOU CLIMBED ON TOP OF ME.
I DID?
YEAH.
YOU WERE KINDA MAKING OUT WITH
ME. NOT THAT I'M COMPLAINING.
OH, NO.
IT'S HAPPENING AGAIN!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
(sighs)
MY SEXSOMNIA.
YOUR WHAT?
YEAH, IT'S LIKE SLEEPWALKING,
EXCEPT...
INSTEAD OF USING YOUR LEGS,
YOU USE YOUR... YOU KNOW.
SEXSOMNIA.
IT'S REAL. LOOK IT UP.
SINCE WHEN
HAVE YOU HAD THAT?
(blows air) WELL, DEFINITELY
BEFORE THE GIRLS WERE BORN.
I'VE NEVER
SEEN YOU DO IT BEFORE.
WELL, IT MOSTLY ONLY HAPPENS
WHEN I'M REALLY TIRED,
LIKE WHEN I WORK OUT TOO MUCH
OR GO SKIING.
WELL,
THEN FIRST THING TOMORROW,
I'M CHECKING OUT AIRFARE
TO ASPEN.
NO! NO, NO, NO. IT'S NOT A JOKE.
IT'S DANGEROUS.
IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHO I'M NEXT TO.
I COULD HAVE SEX
AND NOT EVEN KNOW IT.
WOW.
WELL, SINCE YOU'RE UP...
NO, I'M TOO TIRED...
AND ASHAMED. GOOD NIGHT.
HEY, I THOUGHT
I'D RETURN THIS.
I BORROWED IT FROM ORSON
A WHILE BACK.
OH. THANK YOU.
SO WHERE'S
THAT CHIPPENDALE DANCER
YOU HIRED TO FIX YOUR HOUSE?
IF YOU MEAN MY CONTRACTOR,
HIS NAME IS KEITH,
AND I HAD TO LET HIM GO.
WHY? YOU CATCH HIM, UH,
GRATING CHEESE ON HIS ABS?
IT JUST WASN'T WORKING OUT.
(chuckles) MUST'VE BEEN
PRETTY BAD FOR YOU
TO KICK THAT SHIRTLESS WONDER
OUT OF YOUR FRONT YARD.
I WAS FINALLY REACHING
MY TARGET HEART RATE ON MY WALK.
YOU MEAN AT YOUR AGE,
YOU STILL HAVE URGES TO--
I'M NOT DEAD, BREE.
I MAY LIKE MY BED
AND MY FOOD SOFT,
BUT I LIKE MY MEN--
OKAY. OKAY. JUST CURIOUS.
MM.
(sighs)
I GUESS I WAS HOPING...
HOPING WHAT?
THAT ONE DAY
I MIGHT OUTGROW ALL THIS.
AH, THAT'S WHY
YOU FIRED KEITH.
I JUST CAN'T HAVE HIM AROUND.
HE'S TOO DISTRACTING.
AND I REFUSE
TO MAKE A FOOL OF MYSELF.
AND HOW WOULD THAT HAPPEN?
WELL, LET ME RUN THE NUMBERS
FOR YOU.
MY MARRIAGE ENDED
SIX DAYS AGO,
KEITH IS 15 YEARS TOO YOUNG
FOR ME,
AND MY TRACK RECORD
WITH LOVERS--
TWO DEAD,
ONE IN A WHEELCHAIR.
BREE, I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW TO LIVE YOUR LIFE.
ALL I KNOW IS THAT NOT LIVING
YOUR LIFE ISN'T THE ANSWER.
I'VE JUST... NEVER BEEN
VERY GOOD AT TAKING RISKS.
WELL, THEN GET GOOD,
BECAUSE TAKE MY WORD FOR IT,
ONCE THEY TURN INTO REGRETS,
IT'S TOO LATE.
(TV playing indistinctly)
OKAY.
(pants) HI.
DON'T FEEL LIKE YOU HAVE TO HELP
OR ANYTHING.
COOL.
OH.
WHERE'S YOUR DAD?
HIS CAR'S GONE.
UH, HE AND RENEE
WENT OUT TO DINNER.
(bag thuds)
HE AND RENEE?
YEAH. THEY WENT TO THAT
FRENCH RESTAURANT DAD LIKES.
THEY SAID YOU COULD JOIN THEM
IF YOU WANT.
OH, I WANT.
OKAY, YOU UNLOAD
THESE GROCERIES
AND LOOK AFTER YOUR SISTER.
NAH, I'VE GOT PLANS TONIGHT.
I DON'T WANT
TO GET STUCK BABYSITTING.
COOL.
(sighs)
(door closes)
(indistinct conversations)
(speaking inaudibly)
HEY.
HEY. GOOD,
YOU GOT THE MESSAGE.
LOUD AND CLEAR.
SO YOU GUYS SURE LOOK LIKE
YOU'RE DISCUSSING
SOMETHING HEAVY.
AHEM. WHAT'S UP?
TO BE HONEST,
I WAS TALKING ABOUT YOU...
AND YOUR TENDENCY
TO BE CRITICAL,
AND HOW FRUSTRATING IT IS
TO HAVE MY FEELINGS INVALIDATED
WHENEVER I BRING UP
SOMETHING YOU DON'T LIKE.
UH-HUH.
RENEE, SIDEBAR.
DID I
OR DID I NOT TELL YOU
TO BUTT THE HELL
OUT OF MY MARRIAGE?
WHAT DID I DO?
I WAS JUST FINISHING MY DESSERT
AND LISTENING TO THE GUY TALK.
"HOW FRUSTRATING IT IS TO HAVE
MY FEELINGS INVALIDATED"?
THAT'S GOT YOUR $500-AN-HOUR
SHRINK WRITTEN ALL OVER IT.
I WAS JUST TRYING TO HELP.
THAT'S A LOAD OF CRAP.
YOU NEED A PROJECT, AND SINCE
YOU'RE CURRENTLY WITHOUT
A HOUSE TO REMODEL,
YOU'VE DECIDED
TO PUT THE WRECKING BALL
TO MY MARRIAGE.
OH, PLEASE.
THIS IS WHAT YOU DO.
YOU TAKE OTHER PEOPLE'S LIVES
APART FOR YOUR OWN AMUSEMENT,
AND THEN YOU GET THE FUN
OF PUTTING THEM BACK TOGETHER.
WELL, I'M NOT LETTING YOU DO IT
THIS TIME.
MY MARRIAGE
IS NOT SOME GUEST BATHROOM
IN YOUR SUMMER HOUSE.
FINE. LET'S JUST SAY
THAT YOU'RE RIGHT,
AND I'M A TERRIBLE PERSON.
BUT THERE'S STILL
A MAN IN THERE WHO IS IN PAIN,
AND HIS WIFE WON'T LISTEN
TO HIM. THAT'S NOT MY DOING.
I THINK THIS SIDEBAR
IS OVER.
(keys jangle)
(door unlocks)
HEY, SUSAN?
HEY. (chuckles)
OH, THOSE ARE BEAUTIFUL.
WHAT'S THE OCCASION?
I CALLED THE BANK
TO SEE IF THEY WOULD GIVE US
AN EXTENSION ON OUR CAR PAYMENT,
AND THE GUY TOLD ME
YOU ALREADY PAID IT.
HAD A GOOD WEEK
WITH MY JEWELRY. (chuckles)
YOU'RE AMAZING.
YOU TEACH,
YOU BUST YOUR ASS
WITH THIS JEWELRY BUSINESS,
AND I COME HOME YESTERDAY,
AND HERE YOU ARE,
AS HAPPY AS CAN BE,
WORKING TO MAKE THIS PLACE
A HOME.
I'M SO LUCKY
TO HAVE A WIFE LIKE YOU.
MMM.
(sighs)
WOW. (chuckles)
THERE YA GO.
THAT'S QUITE A HAUL.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE GETTIN' GOOD AS THIS.
I DIDN'T THINK
THAT WAS GONNA HAPPEN.
I'M ALSO GETTING GOOD
AT LYING TO MY HUSBAND.
I DIDN'T THINK
THAT WAS GONNA HAPPEN EITHER.
(rock music playing)
(billiard balls clack)
HELLO, KEITH.
(scoffs)
HOW'D YOU FIND ME?
YOU FOLLOW THE SCENT
OF MY NONEXISTENT COLOGNE?
NO. YOUR ANSWERING SERVICE SAID
I MIGHT FIND YOU HERE.
I WAS A LITTLE OUT OF SORTS
THE OTHER DAY,
AND. UH, WELL,
LONG STORY SHORT,
I WAS HOPING YOU'D CONSIDER
COMING BACK.
(laughs)
I'VE GOT A BUDDY,
LOVES SPORTS CARS.
I TOLD HIM TO BUY
AN OLD PONTIAC G.T.O.
THEY RUN GREAT,
THEY'RE EASY TO WORK ON.
BUT HE BOUGHT A MASERATI.
THE THING IS
ALWAYS IN THE SHOP,
VERY TEMPERAMENTAL,
REAL PAIN IN THE ASS.
YOU SEEM LIKE
KIND OF A MASERATI TO ME.
I'M NO MASERATI, KEITH.
I'M A FAMILY SEDAN
WITH A BEIGE INTERIOR
WHO'S GOING THROUGH
A DIVORCE.
WELL, I'M SORRY ABOUT THAT,
BUT I'M STILL GONNA PASS.
I-I NEED YOU.
YOU'VE SEEN MY HOUSE.
IT'S KIND OF A MESS.
AND THE TRUTH IS, MY LIFE'S
KIND OF A MESS, TOO.
AND WHEN YOU CAME IN
WITH ALL YOUR ENERGY
AND YOUR WONDERFUL IDEAS,
I STARTED FEELING LIKE
MAYBE YOU WERE GONNA HELP ME
PUT IT ALL BACK TOGETHER...
MY HOUSE, NOT MY LIFE.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO WORK ON THE HOUSE.
WOW.
I REALLY DO SOUND LIKE
A MASERATI.
UM...
THANKS FOR LISTENING.
(seat belt clicks)
(Keith) HEY!
(brakes screech, thud)
(whispers) OH, MY GOD.
(normal voice) OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD. (gasps)
OH, MY GOD!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
I DIDN'T SEE YOU THERE.
YOU'VE GOT GREAT LEGS.
YOU EVER CONSIDER JUST
JOGGING FROM PLACE TO PLACE?
WHAT WERE YOU DOING
BEHIND MY CAR?
I THOUGHT ABOUT
WHAT YOU SAID. (pants)
IT'D BE A SHAME IF WE DIDN'T
FINISH WHAT WE STARTED.
ARE YOU SURE? IT'S A BIG JOB,
AND THE BOSS IS KINDA NUTTY.
(panting)
I LOVE A CHALLENGE.
(sighs)
NOW CAN I GET
YOUR INSURANCE INFORMATION?
(laughs)
(door closes)
SO...
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT'S THIS?
GENUINE CONCERN?
NO ASKING IF
MY BREASTS FEEL SWOLLEN
OR IF IT'S A HEAVY FLOW DAY?
I KNOW
I WAS DISMISSIVE BEFORE,
AND I WANT TO APOLOGIZE.
I READ THE PAMPHLET,
AND IT ACTUALLY MADE SENSE.
BECOMING A NEW DAD AT YOUR AGE
CAN BE PRETTY SCARY.
I MEAN, JUST LOOKING
AT THAT LITTLE GIRL
AND KNOWING YOU MIGHT NOT
BE AROUND FOR HER WEDDING...
IS THIS SUPPOSED
TO BE HELPING ME?
I'M SAYING IT'S REAL,
AND I GET IT.
AND NOW IN ORDER
TO DEMONSTRATE THAT
I AM A LOVING AND CARING WIFE,
I HAVE TWO OPTIONS.
ONE, WE CAN HAVE A LONG,
SENSITIVE CONVERSATION
ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS,
OR OPTION TWO...
(laughs)
MMM.
AS MUCH I LIKE OPTION TWO,
I THINK TONIGHT...
I WANNA TALK.
(whispers) OH.
(normal voice) YOU GOT IT.
WHAT--WHAT'S THAT?
I GOT YOU
A LITTLE SOMETHING.
OH. (chuckles)
TRY IT ON.
PAUL...
THIS ISN'T...
REALLY MY STYLE.
LET ME BE THE JUDGE OF THAT.
WE TALKED ABOUT THIS.
YOU SAID WE COULD TAKE IT SLOW.
IT'S BEEN ALMOST A WEEK.
ISN'T THAT SLOW ENOUGH?
TRY IT. MAYBE IT'LL
PUT YOU IN THE MOOD.
IT WON'T.
COME ON.
PAUL, NO.
HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY THINK I
WOULD WEAR SOMETHING LIKE THIS?
(drawer opens)
WHAT ARE THOSE?
THE LETTERS YOU SENT ME
IN PRISON.
OH.
READ THIS.
PAUL, PLEASE DON'T GET UPSET--
OUT LOUD.
"I LONG FOR YOU
TO KISS MY NECK,
TO WHISPER IN MY EAR
WHILE YOU UNBUTTON MY BLOUSE."
GO ON.
"AND THEN...
"MAKE LOVE TO ME...
ALL NIGHT LONG."
DID YOU WRITE THESE?
IT WAS A FANTASY.
I NEVER THOUGHT
IT WOULD BE REAL.
IT IS REAL.
PAUL, PLEASE--
WE'RE MARRIED NOW.
WHAT DID YOU EXPECT?
I THOUGHT YOU WOULD
STAY IN PRISON.
I DIDN'T MEAN THAT.
I'M SORRY.
(sighs)
IT'S NOT A SURPRISE TO ME
THAT YOU HAVE SOME ISSUES.
I MEAN, YOU MARRIED A MAN
IN PRISON FOR MURDER.
CLEARLY, YOU ARE
A DISTURBED YOUNG WOMAN.
THE GOOD NEWS IS,
I'M WILLING TO HELP YOU.
ALL I ASK IN RETURN
IS FOR A LITTLE AFFECTION.
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN OFFER ME THAT?
I'LL TRY.
GOOD.
I'M A PATIENT MAN, BETH.
BUT JUST SO WE'RE CLEAR,
I WON'T BE PATIENT FOREVER.
(kisses)
(door closes)
DON'T WORRY.
I CLEANED THE POT.
THE WAY THINGS
HAVE BEEN GOING LATELY,
I'M NOT AS WORRIED ABOUT TASTE
AS I AM POISON.
LOOK, WHAT YOU DID
WAS BORDERLINE EVIL.
BUT YOU WERE RIGHT
TO MAKE ME TALK TO TOM,
SO I THANK YOU
FOR BEING A GOOD FRIEND,
AND DON'T EVER DO IT AGAIN.
YOU'RE WELCOME. (laughs)
YOU KNOW, WHEN I DON'T
FEEL LIKE KILLING YOU,
I THINK I LIKE
HAVING YOU AROUND.
GOOD TO KNOW SINCE I JUST RENTED
THE MOST CHARMING BUNGALOW
RIGHT HERE ON WISTERIA LANE.
YOU'RE KIDDING.
EDIE'S OLD HOUSE?
WOW, THAT IS SO...
WONDERFUL?
CLOSE.
(sighs)
(chuckles)
(baby crying)
UM, I-I'M TRYING
TO CALM THE BABY,
BUT APPARENTLY I DON'T HAVE
THE RIGHT EQUIPMENT.
DID YOU HEAR THE BIG NEWS?
RENEE IS MOVING IN JUST
A STONE'S THROW AWAY FROM US.
(baby continues crying)
YOU DO KNOW THAT'S
JUST AN EXPRESSION, RIGHT?
WE'LL SEE.
(chuckles)
DO YOU REALLY THINK
IT'S A GOOD IDEA
FOR YOU TO MOVE HERE?
OF COURSE.
IT'LL BE A NICE, FRESH START.
PLUS I CAN BE CLOSE
TO MY DEAR FRIEND.
(lowered voice)
IT'S JUST, UM...
I WANNA BE SURE--
TOM, THAT WAS
A MILLION YEARS AGO.
IT DOESN'T MATTER. SHE CAN NEVER
KNOW WHAT HAPPENED BETWEEN US.
(telephone ringing in distance)
HAVE YOU SEEN MY WIFE?
YEAH, SHE'S IN THE CAFETERIA.
OH, WHILE I'VE GOT YOU,
COULD I HAVE YOU SIGN
THESE RELEASE FORMS?
THEN YOU'LL BE ABLE
TO TAKE JUANITA HOME.
WHAT'S THIS TORN PAGE
ON HER CHART?
LET'S JUST SAY YOUR WIFE
HAS A BIT OF A TEMPER.
(sighs) WHAT HAPPENED?
WELL,
IT'S NOT REALLY MY PLACE,
BUT SHE DID HAVE
A STRONG REACTION
WHEN I TOLD HER
YOUR DAUGHTER'S BLOOD TYPE.
(elevator bell dings)
GABY DID THIS?
I NEED YOU TO TELL ME
EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED.
OH, CRAP.
GABY, COME BACK HERE!
IT'S NOT MY FAULT!
I HAVE A DISORDER!
GABY, WE HAVE TO TALK!
DAMN IT! AAH!
GABY!
SEE YOU IN ABOUT TWO SECONDS.
OKAY, HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED.
IT WAS ON THAT SKI WEEKEND
EIGHT YEARS AGO.
I DON'T NORMALLY
GO FOR FRENCH GUYS,
BUT YOU KNOW HOW I GET
WHEN I DRINK TOO MUCH CHAMPAGNE.
WHAT?
WELL, I DIDN'T THINK I SLEPT
WITH HIM, BUT I MUST HAVE,
BECAUSE WHY ELSE WOULD
OUR DAUGHTER HAVE TYPE-A BLOOD?
YOU'RE NOT KILLING ME.
WHY AREN'T YOU KILLING ME?
(sighs) BABY, COME WITH ME.
THERE'S SOMETHING
I HAVE TO TELL YOU.
(speaking inaudibly)
THERE ARE CERTAIN KINDS OF PAIN
THAT CAN'T BE TREATED
IN A HOSPITAL,
SO THOSE WHO ARE SUFFERING
DO WHAT THEY CAN
TO HEAL THEMSELVES.
SOME CURE
THE ACHE OF LONELINESS
BY MAKING NEW FRIENDS.
SOME SOOTHE
THEIR EXCRUCIATING GUILT
WITH AN INFUSION OF CASH.
SOME ALLEVIATE
THEIR BURNING DESIRE
WITH SMALL ACTS OF KINDNESS.
BUT SADLY,
THERE WILL ALWAYS BE THOSE
WHO CAN'T BEGIN TO HEAL...
BECAUSE THEY REALIZE
THERE IS MORE PAIN
YET TO COME.